		What is git?
git is a distributed version control system.

		REPOSITORY?
Each user has a local copy of the complete history of project,called repository.

		STEPS?
1:when we type(git init) it go into working directory
2:when we type(GIT ADD filename) then it go into staging area and track the file.
3:when we type(GIT COMMIT -M "MESSAGE"),now local repo create

		check commit?
git log(command)

		github?
it is a code hosting platform for version control and collaboration.

		how i add my local file into github remote repo 		tell me step by step?
First, create a new repository on GitHub. You can do this by clicking on the "New" button on your GitHub homepage, or by navigating to https://github.com/new.

Give your new repository a name, and optionally add a description. Make sure to choose "Public" or "Private" based on your preferences.

Once you have created the repository, you will see a page with instructions on how to get started. You can ignore those instructions for now.

Now, navigate to the local directory on your computer that contains the file you want to add to your GitHub repository.

Open a terminal or command prompt window in that directory.

Type the following command to initialize a new Git repository in that directory:

git init

Now, add the file you want to upload to the repository to the Git staging area using the following command:

git add <file-name>

Replace <file-name> with the name of the file you want to add.

Commit the changes you have made using the following command:

git commit -m "Initial commit"

Replace "Initial commit" with a short message describing the changes you have made.

Now, link your local Git repository with your GitHub remote repository using the following command:

git remote add origin <remote-repository-URL>

Replace <remote-repository-URL> with the URL of your GitHub remote repository. You can find this URL on your GitHub repository page.

Finally, push your local changes to your remote repository on GitHub using the following command:

git push -u origin master

This command will upload your local files to your GitHub remote repository.


		new changings in local file?
we update it in remote repo by:
1:git add filename, 
2:git commit...,
3:git push

		Git branching?
a branch will allow to make a copy,without affecting the original one.